Add default Next.js event environment (#3519)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/getting-started-config/javascript.nextjs.mdx

export default withSentry(handler);
```

> By default the SDK sets events’ environment to `process.env.NODE_ENV`, although you can [set your own](/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/configuration/environments/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the SDK sets an event's environment to `process.env.NODE_ENV`, although you can [set your own](/platforms/javascript/guides/nextjs/configuration/environments/).
```
